---
title: 'It''s my Birthday and I''m in Paris '
date: '2016-08-17 13:54:00'
layout: post
---
Paris the city of love! I may have not fallen in love in Paris, but I did fall in love with Paris. Arriving in Paris I was excited for another bucket list check, I thought I would enjoy it but having heard a million times “I fell in love with Paris” I didn’t think that was going to be me. I arrive mid afternoon and head out for what was planned to be a “short stroll”. My first stop was at a small bakery and I purchase my first buttery croissant, first bite and I immediately understand why they are known for the best croissants. Damn you, now I will never be able to eat another croissant back in the states again, I will forever be disappointed. I then head to Sacré-Cœur Basilica, that's the big white church that sits at the top of a hill. I decide to take the stairs up instead of the tram, I’m healthy and young I can make it up there no problem. 270 stairs later, on second thought maybe I need an oxygen tank and a cold glass of water because that kicked my ass! The view from the top is very pretty you see all of Paris, the Church on the other hand is not as white as I had imagined I think they may be overdue for a powerwash nonetheless it’s still impressive. The inside is filled with huge columns, archways, stained glass, and paintings. All so impressive. From there I decided to explore the neighborhood of Montmartre. There are tons of bars, cafes, restaurants oh and just a block or two away from that beautiful white and pure church-I came across about a hundred sex shops and peep shows. You’re probably wondering if I went in, obviously yes. It’s a sight to see there is something for EVERYONE, every shape, size, and color imaginable. Go ahead, let your mind wander….it’s even crazier than that thought you just had, I’m just being honest. From there I head on wandering the streets, getting lost and loving the city. I walk and walk and walked some more. I went from 18th to 9th to 2nd to 1st to 4th to 3rd back to 10th which is where I was staying. I know those numbers mean nothing it’s essentially different districts of Paris. Point is I couldn’t stop walking and that short stroll that I was planning on taking ended up being a 11.2 miles of walk. At this point I am exhausted and my feet are killing me. 

Day two I wake up early and head to the Louvre. If you read my London entry you already know I hate museums so I’m planning on going there for just a few hours then head out to see other sights of Paris. I enter the Louvre and go straight to see the Mona Lisa, because you can’t go to the Louvre and not see her, right? Mind you, it turns out that’s everyone else's thought too. In order to see the grand Mona Lisa you have to fight through 300 strangers who are pressed against your buttocks, as they shove you from side to side while yelling in your face in a language you don’t understand, all while you having to do matrix moves around 150 selfiesticks that come at you from every direction. Then the moment arrives and you are standing 10 feets away from this 30.3in x 20.9in painting of a eyebrowless lady and you think to yourself, seriously I did all that for this? Mona Lisa, you’re pretty unimpressive and extremely small for all the hype you get. I stand there and stare at her for about 10 minutes, I mean since I had to go through all of that might as well. Now the journey walking away from her is significantly easier, those 300 savages you had to fight to see her are much more willing to let you out in order to sneak into the spot you were just standing in. I continue on from one exhibit to another, I could go into extreme detail about each one but it would be a never ending entry. 7 hours later I feel like I’ve been trapped in a maze with no possibility to escape. The Louvre was so impressive to say the least. Once again the girl who hates museums is blown away. The collections that are stored in that museum and the talent of each one of those artists that have produced those pieces are more beautiful than any other work of art I’ve ever seen.

After the Louvre I head to the Catacombs which are the remains of 6 million people lined along these once abandoned underground tunnels. I’ve never been seen anything like it. You initially walk down a spiral staircase for what feels like 50 feet into the ground and arrive in a cool, damp, minimally lit tunnel. Initially walking through it I was very observant looking at the hundreds of bones, reading all the information that was posted on the walls. Then after about 15 minutes I began to feel just a bit uncomfortable being surrounded by millions of peoples skeleton parts just stacked along the walls. Something just gave me an eerie feeling so I decided I had been down there long enough and began to speed walk my way through the rest of the catacombs and make a quick sprint up the stairwell. On my way to the Eiffel tower I stop and have dinner at a small French restaurant. I ordered duck breast with potatoes and green beans, I am so happy to see green beans I feel like I haven’t had vegetables since I left Chicago. The duck breast was cooked perfectly and I thoroughly enjoyed my first real French meal. I continue on walking to the Eiffel tower, the sun has officially set and I am getting closer as I can start to see it in the distance. And there is it, standing right in front of me glowing at 1063 feet tall. It’s so impressive, and before I know it, it begins to sparkle. I stand there in awe, not expecting that at all I had completely forgotten it sparkles. It looks so beautiful, how could this huge iron tower be so beautiful? I stare at it for a while longer then make my way to the top. The views from above are amazing, you see the entire city and all of it’s lights. In that moment I had just the tiniest feeling that I wished I had someone with me to enjoy that moment and so thanks to my handy dandy iphone and modern technology I was able to Facetime and share that moment. 

The following days are packed with endless miles of walking every possible inch of the city. I loved getting lost through the streets of endless cafes that spill onto the streets. Every building is filled with tons of iron metal balconies. The architecture of these large buildings is so impressive. I visited the Notre Dame which of course was remarkable. I also went to Sainte Chapelle which absolutely blew me away. It’s an explosion of stain glass work, and the sun light shines in at the exact right amount. Absolutely, beautiful, tio Angelo I wish you were here to see it you would of loved it. I walked through and relaxed in the Jardin Du Luxembourg. The gardens are huge, oh how I would love to have a garden like that in my home. I ate my very first crepe and of course I went for over the top. A crepe filled with melted dark chocolate, topped with chocolate and caramel drizzle, toasted almonds, and vanilla ice cream. I told you-I said it was over the top, and I ate every last bite. But to be honest the best crepe I had while in Paris was just a simple butter and sugar crepe. While on the subject of food I also discovered this wonderful place called PAUL and essentially put myself into a chocolate coma-I ordered a chocolate croissant, chocolate eclair, chocolate beignet and a chocolate mocha. Yes, I consumed all of those things in one sitting. Quite! #NoJudgementZone. On another occasion I had escargots, this wasn’t my first experience trying them I have had them in the past and they were just as delicious as I had remembered. I also enjoyed a delicious pour over at a small cafe. And finally gave the so famous French macarons a try. Let me tell you, Laduree did not disappoint one single bit. Those macaroons were like little pillows of heaven, especially the coconut one. I would move to Paris just so that I could have access to them on a regular basis. Okay back to sightseeing. I went back to the Eiffel tower so that I could see it during the day and it was still equally as impressive. I might have slightly enjoyed seeing it at night just because it sparkles, and well I’m a woman who loves something that can shine and sparkle, hint, hint like diamonds. I took a day trip to Versailles Palace. WOW is that place impressive. Seriously how was that place someone's home, it’s freaking huge. Walking through the hall of mirrors you just feel the elegance and prestige it depicts. It makes you want to put on a beautiful evening gown, lots of jewels and dance around in the room. The gardens of Versailles are endless, I walked and walked and walked and still did not cover all of the grounds. They even have golf carts for you to rent and drive around in the gardens. While in Paris I couldn’t pass up window shopping down Champs-Elysees boulevard. For those of you who don’t know what it’s like the Michigan Ave/5th Ave of Paris. You have endless selection of high end stores. I can still hear the Louis Vuitton luggage set calling my name. 

And now to the most important part of the trip---MY BIRTHDAY 

I decided to sleep in that morning, it’s my birthday so why not. I started that day with wander, I wander through some of the street then head to La Palette. They are known for their cheese and meat platters which is why I headed there. When I arrive I take a seat at the tables outside and place my order for my cheese plate along with a glass of wine. I proceed to spending two hours truly soaking in the moment. There are so many reflections and thought crossing my mind but the biggest one was this. This is not the first birthday I’ve spent alone, in the past for one reason or another there have been birthdays were I’ve spent them alone but this one is different. I don't feel sad, I don't feel lonely, I don't feel bad for myself----I feel happy. I feel excited. Most importantly I feel content. One of the things that I had dreamed of when I thought of traveling to Paris was eating cheese and drinking wine. In that moment I couldn’t be happier for myself because not only was it my birthday, but I was in this magical city living my lifelong dream of traveling the world  but also living all of the little parts that make up that big dream. How much better could it get? But then it did, it continued to get better. I went walking for a few more hours and stopped back at Laduree for some birthday macarons. I walked some more because well that’s my favorite thing to do in a city aside from eating their local foods. 

That evening I headed to dinner, which turned out to be the best dinner I had in Paris. Not because it was my birthday but because the food was so incredible. I ordered foie gras (made from the liver of a duck or goose) per the recommendation of the waitress. I was extremely nervous in agreeing to order it since I had never had it before and liver of a duck or goose did not sound very appetizing to me. I figured what the heck, everything is worth a shot to try at least once--I take that back, almost everything so I went with it. When it arrived I braced myself for the worst and to my surprise it was rich and full of flavor so incredibly delicious and not what I had expected at all. For my main course I ordered roasted duck breast in a honey sauce with veggies and that was pure perfection. And for dessert one of my favorites, creme brulee. What an amazing and completely delicious meal and it was given with lots of love from my bestie and her hubby which was such a nice treat. After dinner I headed over to Moulin Rouge because thanks to my wonderful parents they had purchased a ticket for me for my birthday. I was so super excited to be in Paris seeing the real Moulin Rouge. The theater was exactly as I pictured it, an old school vibe of glitz and glam with velvet, carpet,  jewels, white tablecloths, minimal lighting, chairs in the shape of hearts and mini lamps on the table. It looked like a scene right out of the movies. And as if the tickets weren't enough my parents added the extra cherry on top and ordered me my own bottle of champagne. What can I say even thousands miles away they still know how to spoil me. Thanks mom & dad! The show begins and the burlesque dancers are great! Their headpieces huge and the jewels they wear are so pretty, and their precision is incredible. It was truly the perfect ending to a wonderful birthday and amazing tip in Paris. 