---
title: 'London I Hate You, Maybe Not '
date: '2016-08-12 17:42:00'
layout: post
author: Delilah Flexas
thumbnail: london_i_hate_you_blog_cover.jpg
---
London, second stop on my trip around the world. I arrive to my hostel after 2 hours in customs and a 45min tube ride with no absolutely no AC where I would of thoroughly enjoyed throwing my crap out the window and stripping down. I decide to take a walk through London, I have literally no idea where I am going just head out to walk through the streets. I end up on a street that’s full of British flags and red double decker buses and think this is awesome I officially feel like I am in London. As I begin to walk further the streets are beyond crowded, I’m talking Michigan Ave (or 5th Ave for my fellow NYC peeps) during Christmas shopping frenzy. Little to my knowledge Oxford street was the name and it’s a Saturday the busiest time to walk down this street. I proceed to walk into H&M to “cool off” and to my surprise there is NO AC in H&M, I am in shock and decide to go to the store directly next to it and the same situation, and the store after that and the one after that one. SERIOUSLY?!? I want to walk into a freezer. London I HATE YOU right now. I continued wandering the streets when really all I wanted to do at that moment was escape London and go back to the cool breeze of Iceland. I meet with my cousin Yasmin who is working on her masters in London and her boyfriend for dinner. Although it’s only been 6 days that I’ve been gone it was still very nice to see a familiar face. I had my first traditional British pub meal a pie and beer sampler, it was very delicious. After dinner we continue on to another pub for some local beers then head our ways. 

The following morning I wake up bright and early and head to the British museum. I am one that has very, very little attention span for museums but you can’t go to London and not visit the British museum. The first exhibit I walk into is Ancient Egypt, with each step I take I am more and more blown away.  The number of Egyptian sculptures, tombs, and mummies is massive. Their collection is much larger than I had ever imagined. I continued onto the Ancient Greece and Roman exhibit and it is just as impressive. I continue to go from exhibit to exhibit before I know it I have been in there for over 5 hours! Yes, 5 hours and I hate museums!! 

Day three I head to Buckingham Palace to see the changing of the guards. On the way there I make a pit stop at Patisserie Valerie and order an almond croissant and a mocha--holy cow that was the best almond croissant I have ever had in my life. So good that as I was walking I lost my map and had to make a detour to the tourist information center to find another. To my luck they had a free walking tour that was headed to Buckingham Palace so I joined in. Walking through the streets of London and hearing all of it’s history I began to become more fond of it. I was able to witness the changing of the guards, London bucket list check. I continue on to the Westminster Abbey, it’s the huge gothic church that Prince William and Kate Middleton were married at. The church is over 700 years old and amazing, I hadn’t realized that along with being a church there are also a large number of royalty and influential people buried there. The detail work is impressive, I am truly blown away. I leave the Abbey and walk towards Parliament and the famous Big Ben. Big ben you’re just a tower and a huge clock but you are so beautiful. I wander around for a few more hours getting lost through the streets. I head back to the hostel to get ready because I have a date with myself. 

Read my blog on “Date with Myself” for details---yes I made an entire blog dedicated to it.

After my date with myself I met up with my friend Amanda and her husband Josh from back home, they were in London for the evening. As if my night wasn’t perfect enough chatting the night away with them two was the icing on the cake.

Day four I head Stonehenge. Aside from knowing they are a bunch of stones in the ground I do not know what to expect. As I walk closer to them I realize they are much, much larger than I had imagined they would be. In my head I was picturing a 10-15 foot stone, no these are about 30 feet tall and weigh about 25 tons. It’s believed that they were transported over 20 miles to their current location. I am blown away that in ancient times people had the ability to transport such large stones without any modern machinery, yet in today's world we have adults who can't boil an egg. There are multiple theories on what their purpose is I’d like to believe they were used as a way to connect themselves to the midsummer sunrise and midwinter sunset because those are two of my favorite things to watch. After Stonehenge I spent the rest of the day in City of Bath, it’s a complete Georgian city. I loved Bath is quaint and romantic, with gardens and small squares. I also had the best fish and chips of my life with curry sauce, I will forever dream of that meal. I will one day return to Bath and spend more time exploring the city, it was remarkable. After returning to London I continued to wander the city. I had dinner at what must be the cutest pub in London, both the outside and inside is drowning in flowers and British flags. Best part is they serve Thai food, and some pretty damn good Thai food for it being a British pub. 

Very last day in London I finally take a ride on a red double decker bus and sit at the very top. I make my way to the Tower of London, it’s the queen's official palace and fortress and most importantly where the crown jewels are kept. And boy oh boy, those jewels are huge!! How I would love to walk around with one of those pretty crowns. After my visit to Tower of London I head to Tower Bridge which I learned is commonly mistaken for London Bridge. I walked across it to get to Borough food, wine, meat, cheese, dessert essentially everything possibly imaginable market. I had ordered a roasted lamb salad and proceeded to having the best ice cream of my entire life, one scoop was chocolate and the other was salted caramel. Heaven in a cup. I also headed to Camden market on the other side of town, this market was more artsy driven with tons of stalls of clothing, paintings, jewelry, and souvenirs. I wanted to buy everything and brought nothing, thanks to the limited amount of travel space.  

London at first I truly hated you for your lack of AC but at the end I grew very fond of you. 

*sorry no pictures included, unfortunately they wouldn't load from my camera
