---
layout: post
title:  “Supposed to” Life
date:   2016-07-11
description: “Supposed to” Life
thumbnail: ocean_front.jpg
categories: travel

# Information for the author block
author: Delilah Flexas
---
January 5th 2015, the day that changed my life forever. Sounds cliche- I’d have to agree. I woke up that morning for my twelve hour nursing shift. Work was pretty busy as it normally is on Mondays, and I was anxiously waiting for the day to finish. I had agreed to drive out to West Virginia with my brother and a snowstorm was supposed to start rolling in that afternoon. Once I arrived home I quickly ate dinner and changed so that we could be on our way. Since I had worked that day we agreed he would drive the first couple of hours so that I could nap and then we would switch. As he began driving out of Chicago the weather was pretty bad. The snowstorm had come in full effect and we were driving extremely slow and sitting in much traffic. I was lying down in the back with no seat belt on; I kept trying to fall asleep and could not get comfortable no matter how much I tried. Finally I began to doze off. It must have been no more than thirty minutes of me sleeping when I woke up to the screams of my brother, “Lila hold on! Lila hold on!” I woke up trying to wrap my head around what was happening. I could feel our truck swaying from side to side. I reached for the closest thing to hold on to which was the handle on the headrest. I saw a semi-truck driving to the right of us, and we continued to hydroplane and hit a pile of snow that was in the middle of the road. Our truck flew into the air and when it landed it lost control and started heading into the ditch. The car kept going, banging against the side rail over and over and over. It seemed we had been traveling a miles length when in reality it may have only been a hundred feet when our truck finally stopped. There was silence for a moment. My brother and I each said each other’s name. We walked away with the truck relatively damaged and but not a scratch or injury to either of us. In that moment I thanked God for having protected us. I gave my brother a hug, I told him “it’s okay, it’s okay, we’re okay”. I was overwhelmed with emotion and wanted to burst out and cry but I knew I had to keep it together. I had to show my brother I was strong for the both of us- that we were going to be okay. We eventually made it out of the ditch with the help of a police officer and I continued the drive to West Virginia.

Within thirty minutes of me driving at an extremely slow speed, I hit black ice and the truck began to spin out of control doing donuts across the expressway. All I could think of in my head was “Not again, Lord please, Lord please.” When the truck finally stopped we were facing the opposite direction of the oncoming traffic at the very edge of a bridge. Once again I tried to keep my composure; I turned to my brother to make sure he was okay. At this point we were both distraught, emotionally drained. I clenched my hands so tight on the steering wheel to try and stop them from trembling.  We couldn’t believe the last two events that had just happened. No matter how cautious he had been driving and no matter how cautious I had been driving, both events were completely out of our control. We eventually made it to West Virginia and back to Chicago safely and in one piece. The truck on the other hand, not so much. But at that point who cares? We were alive, in one piece, and safe.



Little did I know that those two events would forever change my life. When we made it back home I definitely had anxiety while driving. I was paranoid every time I had to drive in the snow. I swore to never take a road trip in the winter again. When I was alone I replayed that night in my head. I began to feel so lucky and blessed knowing that the outcome could have been completely different. I started to reflect on my life. I realized I was lucky to be alive but that I wasn’t happy in my life. I began to realize that if my life had ended on that night my story would be done. Would I have been happy with how my story would've ended? It sent me into a roller coaster of exhausting mental and emotional thoughts. Slowly I began to realize that the events of that night were a wakeup call. A call for me to see that I was existing but not living my life. I started to think long, hard, and frequently about what was it that I wanted in life, what I felt I was missing. I began to become frustrated knowing that I felt unfulfilled with my life yet I had no “true” reason to be. I have family and friends who love and support me, I was relatively healthy, I had my “dream job”-so why was I just existing in the world and not living in it? Why did I not feel fulfilled when I had so much in my life? I began to do some deep soul searching, analyzing every aspect of my life. My childhood, all the trips we took as a family, the friends I made and lost over the years, the failed relationships, all the accomplishments I made in school, and the mistakes I had made. I came to the conclusion that the life I had once dreamed of was the life I was living. I was living the life I had planned, the life I was “suppose to” live. So again, why did I feel unfulfilled? This replayed in my head over and over and over for months.

I eventually came to the conclusion that I was living what I like to call the “supposed to” life. As a kid I followed the rules for the most part because that’s what I was taught that I was “supposed to” do. Growing up in school I was “supposed to”  get good grades so I did. I was “supposed to” to go to a good high school so I went where my parents picked although that wasn’t my decision. I went with it because that’s what I was “supposed to” do. Then came college; I really wanted to study abroad but because I was going into nursing it would have pushed me behind a year and that's not what I was “supposed to” do. A bachelor’s degree was “supposed to” take four years so I didn’t study abroad. Upon graduating college I started working at my dream job which went right along with the plan of what I was “supposed to” do. I began to see the continuous pattern here. I’ve always lived a “supposed to” life and for the longest time I was completely fine with it. In the moment it wasn’t out of the ordinary to be living this “supposed to” life because that was what I had been taught was the norm. I didn’t dare veer off from that plan because only rebels did that. And quite frankly I didn’t feel there was a need to change anything about my life. I had dreams and goals that I had worked hard to accomplish and my life was going as planned. Now fast forward to months after the accident I began to realize that what I wanted most in life was to travel the world long term. But how does one travel the world working a full time job? It’s impossible and unrealistic-that's not what I was “supposed to” do. I was saving to buy a house because that’s what people in their late 20’s are “supposed to” do.

Once again I just dreamed of the day I would be able to explore other countries, meet new people, and immerse myself in different cultures. It seemed so far-fetched, a thought that was nothing more than a distant dream because let's face it, how realistic is it for a twenty something year old to travel the world alone? I couldn’t even begin to wrap my head around that thought. In the past I had planned numerous international trips that had either been canceled or gone untraveled because my greatest fear was having to travel them alone. I thought to myself, “I’ll just have to keep waiting until I meet someone who can travel with me.” Yet every time I told myself that I began to become more and more frustrated. I started to ask myself-why do you need someone else to travel? Why shouldn’t you just go? So you’re letting this invisible thing called fear continue to control your life? What are you so afraid of? Because something might happen to you in another country?—wait something almost just happened to you here in the US and you survived it so what’s the problem of living your dream? These types of question began to play and over play in my head for months. One day I doubted myself, the other day I believed in myself. It was a roller coaster of internal thoughts, and for those of you who know me, you know this is not uncommon. This went on for months; I began to read solo traveler blogs, and research different countries. My curiosity began to grow; the idea of solo traveling started to seem less and less far-fetched. Then one day I was out having drinks with a friend and mentioned the idea of me considering long term solo traveling. To my surprise the response was “Why not?” I was very much in shock and couldn't believe I had received that response. I went home that night and thought about it a millions times-why not?

I continued to do research and began to talk to others who had done long term travel in the past. Every chance I got I picked apart their brains and continued to read different blogs. I started to think maybe this is a possibility instead of this is not what I’m “supposed to” do because I'm too afraid or because this is not part of the plan. I thought to myself I wouldn’t be the first or last person to solo travel. If others have done it- why the F can’t I do it?

After about a year of analyzing, and overanalyzing, I came to the conclusion I was quitting my job, taking my savings for what was “supposed to” be a down payment on a house, and I was going to travel the world. I realized that the invisible thing called fear wasn’t going to hold me back anymore. That this life of buying a house, meeting my future husband, having kids in order to live the “supposed to” life was not the life I still wanted, at least not at the moment. I’d rather have a lifetime full of amazing memories than a monthly mortgage and house full of stuff.


For once in my life I had done something I wasn’t “supposed to” do and it felt great. I one hundred percent came to this conclusion on my own, for myself and no one else. I had liberated myself from this thing called fear. Liberated myself from this “supposed to” life. The moment I realized that- there were tears of joy that filled my eyes. I felt more liberated than I had ever felt in my entire life. In no way did this mean that the life I lived before was a miserable one. If I had not done all the things I was “supposed to” do over the years I would not be in the position I am right now to do long term solo traveling.

Yes, I was unhappy and felt unfulfilled, because I was not being true to myself and what I wanted in life. I was going on living life the way I was “supposed to” live, not the way I wanted to live it. I was waiting for someone else, I was too afraid to do it alone. And now I’ve conquered that, nobody and nothing can stop my passion for living life abroad and exploring countries I've never been to. 
