---
title: Date with Myself
date: '2016-08-08 17:32:00'
layout: post
---
Yes.

I have a date with myself to Milk & Honey (M&H). If you don’t already know you will now learn I am a bit of a drink snob, yes it’s true and I have no problem admitting it. Shortly after college I went to my first ever “speakeasy” bar. A group of friends had talked up the place and I was super pumped to visit but unsure what to expect. Little to my knowledge that was the night my drink snob, cocktail obsession would begin. I was told to order a drink not on the menu which for me sounded insane. I began to tell the mixologist what I like in a cocktail, and what I didn’t like. A few minutes later he returns with my cocktail and explains to me how he made it. Essentially he hands me a cocktail with all of the flavors and a spirit I told him I did not like. Immediately in my head I think what the hell, did he not listen to me? He clearly reads the expression on my face, and says “don’t worry give it a try and if you don’t like it I will make you a new cocktail”….sip sip OH this can’t be real..sip sip OH this drink is aaaamazing, how in the world did he make a drink with all of the things I said I didn’t like yet I love it. Needless to say I was mind blown and immediately hooked! 

This obsession has continued from that point and has never stopped. I now make it a point to visit speakeasy bars whenever I travel but no matter where I go there is nothing that tops that very first experience. Let’s fast forward to a few years after that first experience I was told about a speakeasy in New York called Milk & Honey, I went there while visiting and once again was blown away by the cocktails they made. This was the second speakeasy bar I had visited. I was informed that they have another M&H in London. My immediate thought was oh one day when I travel the world I would love to go to M&H in London. Fast forward to this year, I am working on my itinerary for London and an article pops up “top 10 bars in London”, I click on it and begin reading and then there it is right in front of my eyes, M&H!! After all of those years it had slipped my mind that they had a location in London. My eyes fill with tears (no I am not joking) and here is my first aha moment of my planning. The thought that I once had of “one day when I travel the world I would like to go to M&H in London”  is no longer a thought but it’s a reality, it is really happening. I am going to London this summer and I am going to M&H, if that is all I do my entire trip I will completely satisfied. 

Day three in London is the day I have reservation for M&H. I am beyond excited, like a kid in a candy store excited. I have all these hopes of what my experience will be, how the cocktails will taste, sharing this story with the mixologist, the list goes on and on. I arrive 15 minutes early to my reservation and stand outside counting the seconds. Finally it’s time and I walk in, I am greeted by the hostess and a guy comes out from behind velvet curtains. He walks me to the one and only seat at the bar and says this is for you. My hearts racing and I am filled with joy, this is exactly what I wanted, one seat at the bar with no one else to talk to other than the mixologist and my internal thoughts. I sit down and take in the atmosphere, I can’t believe that I am here, I can’t believe that I am living in this moment, this moment that was a “one day dream”. I look over the cocktail list and I want to try every single one, along with have the mixologist make me all of his favorite off the menu cocktails. 

After some discussion I select my first cocktail, I watch him make it with building anticipation. He hands me the drink the second I taste it all I can think of is yesssss, this right here is a delicious cocktail, this is exactly what I wanted. I am filled with joy, warmth in my belly and have a smile from ear to ear. I am living in a glory moment and I don’t want it to end. The night continues and it is nothing but perfect. I share with the mixologist my story, I pick apart his brain and ask a million questions. The mixologist proceeds to make me a list of other must visit bars in London, along with a list of books to purchase and tips to get started on making my own cocktails. He also offers me a tour of the entire building which I quickly accept. The other floors of the building are only open to those individuals who have a M&H membership. As I walk through the other sections of the building they are exactly how I would of imagined it, dark leather chairs very man cave, smoking room style. 

I return to my seat and proceed to order a few more cocktails. As my time at M&H comes to an end I cannot be more satisfied with how the entire evening went. Milk & Honey you were perfect and exactly how imagined you would be. 

*sorry no pictures included, unfortunately they wouldn't load from my camera